{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}\f0\fs20
EASY THAI FONT ADJUSTMENT - DOCUMENTATION\par
==========================================\par
By Poppod Studio\par
\par
TABLE OF CONTENTS\par
-----------------\par
1. Installation\par
2. Quick Start\par
3. Features\par
4. Advanced Usage\par
5. API Reference\par
6. Troubleshooting\par
7. Best Practices\par
\par
\par
1. INSTALLATION\par
---------------\par
Unity Package Manager (Git):\par
   1. Window > Package Manager\par
   2. + > Add package from git URL\par
   3. https://github.com/poppod56/EasyThaiFontAdjustment.git\par
\par
Asset Store / Manual:\par
   Import the package. All content lives under Assets/Poppod/.\par
   The tool is Editor-only (Assets/Poppod/Editor/).\par
\par
\par
2. QUICK START\par
--------------\par
   Tools > Easy Thai Font Adjustment\par
   -> Select a TMP Font Asset\par
   -> Click "Fix Everything Automatically"\par
   -> Done!\par
\par
\par
3. FEATURES\par
-----------\par
One-Click Fix\par
   Automatically fixes all 522 Thai character pair combinations in seconds.\par
\par
Smart Calculation\par
   Kerning values are calculated from:\par
   - Font point size\par
   - Ascender / descender height\par
   - Scale factor\par
\par
Undo Support\par
   - Automatic backup before changes\par
   - One-click undo\par
   - Unity Undo integration (Ctrl/Cmd + Z)\par
\par
Templates System\par
   7 pre-configured templates covering consonants + vowels,\par
   vowels + tone marks, and special ascender/descender cases.\par
\par
\par
4. ADVANCED USAGE\par
-----------------\par
Custom Text Analysis\par
   1. Advanced Options > Custom Tab\par
   2. Enter sample text\par
   3. Click "Analyze and Add Rules"\par
\par
Fine-Tuning\par
   1. Advanced Options > Rules Tab\par
   2. Edit X/Y values\par
   3. Select / deselect pairs\par
   4. Apply changes\par
\par
Template Customization\par
   1. Advanced Options > Templates Tab\par
   2. Select a template\par
   3. Adjust default X/Y and offset values\par
   4. Add rules\par
\par
\par
5. API REFERENCE\par
----------------\par
See ScriptReference.txt for the full public API surface.\par
\par
\par
6. TROUBLESHOOTING\par
------------------\par
Changes Not Visible\par
   Reimport the Font Asset (Select > Right-click > Reimport).\par
\par
Incorrect Values\par
   Use auto-calculation; only use offset for fine-tuning.\par
\par
Missing Characters\par
   Check the font's Character Table includes the Thai Unicode range;\par
   regenerate the font atlas if needed.\par
\par
\par
7. BEST PRACTICES\par
-----------------\par
   1. Always back up Font Assets before applying.\par
   2. Test with real text after applying changes.\par
   3. Use one-click for general fixes.\par
   4. Use advanced options only for special cases.\par
   5. Document custom values for future reference.\par
\par
------------------------------------------\par
(c) 2025 Poppod Studio - MIT License\par
Support: support@poppod-studio.com\par

}