{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}\f0\fs20
EASY THAI FONT ADJUSTMENT - QUICK START GUIDE\par
=============================================\par
By Poppod Studio\par
\par
WHAT IT DOES\par
------------\par
Fixes floating Thai vowels and tone marks in TextMeshPro font assets by\par
generating Glyph Pair Adjustment Records (kerning) automatically.\par
\par
\par
STEP 1 - OPEN THE TOOL\par
----------------------\par
   Tools > Easy Thai Font Adjustment\par
\par
   (Or right-click a TMP_FontAsset > Easy Thai Font Adjustment)\par
\par
\par
STEP 2 - SELECT YOUR FONT\par
-------------------------\par
   Drag your TMP Font Asset into the "Font Asset" field.\par
   The tool reports how many Thai consonants the font covers.\par
\par
\par
STEP 3 - ONE-CLICK FIX\par
----------------------\par
   Click "Fix Everything Automatically".\par
   The tool generates all 522 Thai pair adjustments based on the\par
   font's metrics and writes them into the Font Asset.\par
\par
\par
STEP 4 - VERIFY\par
---------------\par
   Type Thai text with stacked vowels/tone marks in any TMP component.\par
   Vowels and tone marks should now sit correctly above the consonants.\par
\par
\par
UNDO\par
----\par
   Click "Undo Last Changes" inside the tool, or press Ctrl/Cmd + Z.\par
   A backup is taken automatically before every apply.\par
\par
\par
NEXT STEPS\par
----------\par
   - Custom Tab: analyze your own sample text for problem pairs.\par
   - Rules Tab: fine-tune individual X/Y values.\par
   - Templates Tab: adjust the 7 built-in presets.\par
\par
   See Documentation.txt for full details.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------\par
(c) 2025 Poppod Studio - support@poppod-studio.com\par

}